Andrew us ask a question which strikes fear in the...
of every programmer and that is first of all moore's law which is hell
for fifty years which says that computer our doubles every eighteen months may begin to
expire in the next ten so years in other whereas if you knew that
at christmas time you computer...as powerful as the
last christmas present would you buy a computer
would you upgrade most people...say no why should I...computer if
it's identical to flashers model well that could create
a planetary recession planetary depression knowing
that this engine of prosperity the computer revolution is running out of
stain but that's just the way it is last month, for example,
I spoke in zurich switzerland I met with a physicist at zurich ibm
...leading institutions and they told me that,...they could see it now it's
not and science-fiction is done the future.